Add `AccordionSummary` marker placement prop & responsive design (#1477)
iTwin/stratakit: apps/website/src/content/docs/components/mui/Accordion.md

| Settings page | ❌        | ✅       |
| Widget        | ✅        | ❌       |

### Responsive design

> The marker position automatically adapts based on the container’s width. To enable this responsive behavior, set `container-type: inline-size;` on the container element.

Reviewer: Better docs: linking to MDN and widening the recommendation to "an ancestor element" (it doesn't need to be the direct parent).

```suggestion
The marker position automatically adapts based on the container’s width using a [container query](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Containment/Container_queries). To benefit from this automatic responsive behavior, make sure to create a containment context by setting `container-type: inline-size;` on an ancestor element.
```

### Marker positioning

> Use `markerPosition` to control the **AccordionSummary** marker position. By default, the marker is left aligned, but moves to the right side when the accordion is narrow. Set `markerPosition="start"` or `markerPosition="end"` to force a fixed position.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `markerPosition` prop to control the **AccordionSummary** marker position. By default, the marker is left aligned, but moves to the right side when the accordion is narrow. Set `markerPosition="start"` or `markerPosition="end"` to force a fixed position.
```

> Use `markerPosition` to control the **AccordionSummary** marker position. By default, the marker is left aligned, but moves to the right side when the accordion is narrow. Set `markerPosition="start"` or `markerPosition="end"` to force a fixed position.

Reviewer 2: `markedPosition` should be mentioned in modifications section (and link to `Marker positioning` section)

Author: Good catch, I forgot!  Added to the modifications section in https://github.com/iTwin/stratakit/pull/1477/commits/db4d4aabab9959b9e7e4a7f4e14e73af75337764.
